README.md, before:

# TensorFlow C++ Collection

| TensorFlow v1.9 (C & C++) |
| ----- |
| [![Build Status](https://ci.patwie.com/api/badges/PatWie/tensorflow_inference/status.svg)](http://ci.patwie.com/PatWie/tensorflow_inference) |

Just a dead-simple way to run saved models from tensorflow in different languages **without** messing around with bazel.

- **[inference](./inference)** running inference code using CMake in C/C++/Go/Python
- **[keras cpp-inference example](./examples/keras)** running inference code using CMake in C++ from a keras-model
- **[simple example](./examples/simple)** running the C++ example from TensorFlow code using CMake
- **[OpenCV example](./examples/resize)** running a C++ example using TensorFlow in combination with OpenCV to resize an image (uses CMake)

It assumes that you have installed TensorFlow from source using

```console
  ./configure
  # ... or whatever options you used here
  bazel build -c opt --copt=-mfpmath=both --copt=-msse4.2 --config=cuda //tensorflow:libtensorflow.so
  bazel build -c opt --copt=-mfpmath=both --copt=-msse4.2 --config=cuda //tensorflow:libtensorflow_cc.so
```

Further, these examples need to know to the path to TensorFlow git-repository, such that it finds all headers etc:

```console
user@host $ export TensorFlow_GIT_REPO=/path/to/tensorflow/git
user@host $ ls TensorFlow_GIT_REPO

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS     bazel-genfiles      configure          pip
ADOPTERS.md         bazel-out           configure.py       py.pynano
ANDROID_NDK_HOME    bazel-tensorflow    configure.py.bkp   README.md
...

```


## Inference in TensorFlow in C/C+/Go/Python

This example creates a model in Python, saves the graph to disk and loads it in C/C+/Go/Python to perform inference.

### 1. Save Model

We just run a very basic model

```python
x = tf.placeholder(tf.float32, shape=[1, 2], name='input')
output = tf.identity(tf.layers.dense(x, 1), name='output')
```

Therefore, just save the model like you normally do. This is done in `example.py` besides some outputs

```console
user@host $ python example.py

[<tf.Variable 'dense/kernel:0' shape=(2, 1) dtype=float32_ref>, <tf.Variable 'dense/bias:0' shape=(1,) dtype=float32_ref>]
input            [[1. 1.]]
output           [[2.1909506]]
dense/kernel:0   [[0.9070684]
 [1.2838823]]
dense/bias:0     [0.]


```

### 2. Run Inference

These bindings are tested on the [9d419e4511 TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/commit/995d836e9ba7cbee56948f73bdbd099d419e4511) commit.

#### Python

```console
user@host $ python python/inference.py

[<tf.Variable 'dense/kernel:0' shape=(2, 1) dtype=float32_ref>, <tf.Variable 'dense/bias:0' shape=(1,) dtype=float32_ref>]
input            [[1. 1.]]
output           [[2.1909506]]
dense/kernel:0   [[0.9070684]
 [1.2838823]]
dense/bias:0     [0.]


```

#### C++

```console
user@host $ cd cc
user@host $ cmake .
user@host $ make
user@host $ cd ..
user@host $ ./cc/inference_cc

input           Tensor<type: float shape: [1,2] values: [1 1]>
output          Tensor<type: float shape: [1,1] values: [2.19095063]>
dense/kernel:0  Tensor<type: float shape: [2,1] values: [0.907068372][1.28388226]>
dense/bias:0    Tensor<type: float shape: [1] values: 0>

```

#### C

```console
user@host $ cd c
user@host $ cmake .
user@host $ make
user@host $ cd ..
user@host $ ./c/inference_c

2.190951

```


#### Go

```console
user@host $ export LIBRARY_PATH=${TensorFlow_GIT_REPO}/bazel-bin/tensorflow:$LIBRARY_PATH
user@host $ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=${TensorFlow_GIT_REPO}/bazel-bin/tensorflow:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
user@host $ go get github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tensorflow/go
user@host $ cd go
user@host $ go build inference_go.go
user@host $ cd ../
user@host $ ./inference_go

input           [[1 1]]
output          [[2.1909506]]
dense/kernel:0  [[0.9070684] [1.2838823]]
dense/bias:0    [0]
```

## Example.cc with CMake

Trying to compile the example.cc from the official tutorial, looking at the TensorFlow-documentation.
What do you see? The usual fare? Guess what. To the hell with bazel, let use CMake:

```console
user@host $ cd examples/simple
user@host $ python prepare.py
user@host $ cmake .
user@host $ make
user@host $ ./example

2018-02-15 21:48:25.259598: I /git/github.com/patwie/tensorflow_inference/example/example.cc:22] 19
-3

```

Commit message:

add boilerplate-code for custom user op

README.md, after:

# TensorFlow C++ Collection

| TensorFlow v1.9 (C & C++) |
| ----- |
| [![Build Status](https://ci.patwie.com/api/badges/PatWie/tensorflow_inference/status.svg)](http://ci.patwie.com/PatWie/tensorflow_inference) |

Just a dead-simple way to run saved models from tensorflow in different languages **without** messing around with bazel.

- **[inference](./inference)** running inference code using CMake in C/C++/Go/Python
- **[keras cpp-inference example](./examples/keras)** running inference code using CMake in C++ from a keras-model
- **[simple example](./examples/simple)** running the C++ example from TensorFlow code using CMake
- **[OpenCV example](./examples/resize)** running a C++ example using TensorFlow in combination with OpenCV to resize an image (uses CMake)

It assumes that you have installed TensorFlow from source using

```console
  ./configure
  # ... or whatever options you used here
  bazel build -c opt --copt=-mfpmath=both --copt=-msse4.2 --config=cuda //tensorflow:libtensorflow.so
  bazel build -c opt --copt=-mfpmath=both --copt=-msse4.2 --config=cuda //tensorflow:libtensorflow_cc.so
```

Further, these examples need to know to the path to TensorFlow git-repository, such that it finds all headers etc:

```console
user@host $ export TensorFlow_GIT_REPO=/path/to/tensorflow/git
user@host $ ls TensorFlow_GIT_REPO

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS     bazel-genfiles      configure          pip
ADOPTERS.md         bazel-out           configure.py       py.pynano
ANDROID_NDK_HOME    bazel-tensorflow    configure.py.bkp   README.md
...

```


## Custom Operation in C++/Cuda

```bash
cd custom_op/user_ops
python configure.py
cmake .
make
python test_matrix_add.py
```

You might need to edit the `CMakeList.txt` file as `"${CUDA_INCLUDE_DIRS}/../../"` should point to the toolkit-directory containing `cuda, samples`.

## Inference in TensorFlow in C/C+/Go/Python

This example creates a model in Python, saves the graph to disk and loads it in C/C+/Go/Python to perform inference.

### 1. Save Model

We just run a very basic model

```python
x = tf.placeholder(tf.float32, shape=[1, 2], name='input')
output = tf.identity(tf.layers.dense(x, 1), name='output')
```

Therefore, just save the model like you normally do. This is done in `example.py` besides some outputs

```console
user@host $ python example.py

[<tf.Variable 'dense/kernel:0' shape=(2, 1) dtype=float32_ref>, <tf.Variable 'dense/bias:0' shape=(1,) dtype=float32_ref>]
input            [[1. 1.]]
output           [[2.1909506]]
dense/kernel:0   [[0.9070684]
 [1.2838823]]
dense/bias:0     [0.]


```

### 2. Run Inference

These bindings are tested on the [9d419e4511 TensorFlow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/commit/995d836e9ba7cbee56948f73bdbd099d419e4511) commit.

#### Python

```console
user@host $ python python/inference.py

[<tf.Variable 'dense/kernel:0' shape=(2, 1) dtype=float32_ref>, <tf.Variable 'dense/bias:0' shape=(1,) dtype=float32_ref>]
input            [[1. 1.]]
output           [[2.1909506]]
dense/kernel:0   [[0.9070684]
 [1.2838823]]
dense/bias:0     [0.]


```

#### C++

```console
user@host $ cd cc
user@host $ cmake .
user@host $ make
user@host $ cd ..
user@host $ ./cc/inference_cc

input           Tensor<type: float shape: [1,2] values: [1 1]>
output          Tensor<type: float shape: [1,1] values: [2.19095063]>
dense/kernel:0  Tensor<type: float shape: [2,1] values: [0.907068372][1.28388226]>
dense/bias:0    Tensor<type: float shape: [1] values: 0>

```

#### C

```console
user@host $ cd c
user@host $ cmake .
user@host $ make
user@host $ cd ..
user@host $ ./c/inference_c

2.190951

```


#### Go

```console
user@host $ export LIBRARY_PATH=${TensorFlow_GIT_REPO}/bazel-bin/tensorflow:$LIBRARY_PATH
user@host $ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=${TensorFlow_GIT_REPO}/bazel-bin/tensorflow:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
user@host $ go get github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tensorflow/go
user@host $ cd go
user@host $ go build inference_go.go
user@host $ cd ../
user@host $ ./inference_go

input           [[1 1]]
output          [[2.1909506]]
dense/kernel:0  [[0.9070684] [1.2838823]]
dense/bias:0    [0]
```

## Example.cc with CMake

Trying to compile the example.cc from the official tutorial, looking at the TensorFlow-documentation.
What do you see? The usual fare? Guess what. To the hell with bazel, let use CMake:

```console
user@host $ cd examples/simple
user@host $ python prepare.py
user@host $ cmake .
user@host $ make
user@host $ ./example

2018-02-15 21:48:25.259598: I /git/github.com/patwie/tensorflow_inference/example/example.cc:22] 19
-3

```
